first I am not vegan to be vegan or to
be part of a community within five
seconds a natural vegan here mentions
the other topic I may be infamous for
for speaking about in an overly blunt
down-to-earth way community so in the
past that had several videos you're
talking about what does it mean to say
deacons our community have we ever been
a community will we ever get our act
together to be a community unnatural
vegan here makes the interesting
statement that she's not in it for a
community that's not her objective it's
not her concern well I give her from her
there and this is not a criticism of her
it is a it is a personal difference that
I think is worth reflecting on I am more
ambitious than that I am more rapacious
than that yeah I want a real community
look at Mothers Against Drunk Driving
Mothers Against Drunk Driving have an
office at least one office in every US
state the 50 states united states they
have more than 50 offices that are staff
that open all the time they've got that
we don't you tell me in 2016 what's a
more important message mothers against
drunk driving or veganism it's veganism
even if in the past even if in the 1980s
you know maybe there was an argument
mother is going to throw driving were a
really important lobby today veganism is
a message that absolutely needs to have
50 offices in the united states you know
I I really lived through the period of
time when when gay groups went from
being marginal to being ascendant to be
very influential when i was living in
Toronto there were a number of different
gay offices staff offices for gay rights
you know I remember there was one that
was just specialized in lesbians and you
know different multiple gay offices of
multiple political perspectives and if
there was some controversy the
newspapers would go an interview those
foundations they were nonprofit
political organizations they want to say
so you know let's say the police
commissioner made a homophobic Rome
mark you know the newspapers would go an
interview oh let's go to that gay
foundation and gay gay legal rights
advocacy group and get their opinion on
this something like that that's a real
community that that's a facet of that's
a reflection of in Toronto definitely at
that time there was a real gay community
they had a neighborhood they had
buildings they had offices they had
lawyers they had nightclubs they had
festivals i mean the gay community in
toronto but not every city has that
there were multiple well-organized vocal
gay communities and the newspapers could
go to them okay it would be different if
we were at the level of Mothers Against
Drunk Driving it would be different with
your level of Jews in British Columbia I
mean Jewish people are a tiny minority
in this part of Canada they have bricks
and mortar institutions it real
organizations they have they have
fellowships and you know with
scholarships and all kinds of benefits
are people from cradle to grave and
ultimately you can go there and attend a
picnic and talk to other human beings
face to face and whatever from
fundraising to charity work everything
can make a big difference I'm I want it
all I want a real community and I see no
reason to pretend that I don't want that
or that I wouldn't tell you that I see
no reason to pretend that veganism is
completely satisfactory to me if it's
just a diet or just something I do in
private and they can't have any
political ramifications by blood I'm
Jewish by belief I'm a nihilistic
atheist nevertheless for my family and
for my own life it would benefit me more
to pretend to be a religious Jew for me
to start participating you know into
temple because Judaism here in Canada
can provide me with a real community
everything from the picnics to the
retirement homes picnics to private
schools to retirement homes okay from
the cradle to the grave the life cycle
benefits of having a community are
provided by Judaism are provided by
Mormonism are provided by all kinds of
crazy ideologies that
[Laughter]
rest on your believing in a god that
doesn't exist resting on your saying
prayers that will never be heard by
anyone unless you say your prayers on
youtube then your YouTube followers
that's our I look at groups like the
Mormons and I think I want it all I want
what you people have for the Mormons it
is nothing to organize a picnic that 200
people are going to show up that ok for
me even that's not enough for the
Mormons it's nothing to do a fundraiser
to help some orphans to set up some
charity they go get a project launch
interval i want that i want vegans to
have that i'm worried about the whole
life cycle from cradle to grave I have a
three-year-old daughter I don't see that
much of herb she lives in Europe I'm
living in China nevertheless where is my
daughter going to go to school where is
my daughter going to go to gate daycare
where am I going to go to a retirement
home or where with my grandparents go to
a retirement home from the cradle to the
grave now look I mean the issues of gay
rights activist and those also change
over time I think in the recent past
that were hard battles for the gay
community to fight and now the gay
community can really celebrate that so
many of those battles have been won you
know in canada i'm sure i mean in saudi
arabia is another story there are tons
of countries where the fights for basic
gay rights are still you know at an
early stage don't get me wrong but here
in canada we were one of the first
countries to have gay marriage as a
whole you know legal battle surrounding
that equal rights for gays and so on
those battles fundamentally have already
been won okay the battles for veganism
are just beginning where's that office
where's that neighborhood where's that
nightclub where's the retirement home
radicular center I want it all I am
fundamentally much more ambitious than a
natural vegan I'm not satisfied with
what you guys call to me I'm not
satisfied with a bunch of self-indulgent
middle-aged people sitting around on
facebook giving each other the thumbs up
or so hope I'm not satisfied with a
bunch of teenagers on Instagram
photographing their asses
in a bikini and saying they're changing
the world none of that does it for me
okay I want more can I have it today no
can I have it next year no am I going to
see it before I die maybe Mothers
Against Drunk Driving in just a few
years they took off what percentage of
people in America really give a damn
about mothers again sir it's a minority
really it's a small minority of people
who support a foundation like that okay
tremendously successful what percentage
of people support like really donate
money to Jewish temples in Canada I
don't know I mean small small minority
in the past I talked about sikhism
within Canada these are small minority
religious movements and again I mean
with with homosexuals homosexuality
isn't a diet they don't need to have
separate restaurants but they do like in
Toronto as a district there were there
is such a thing as a gay restaurant even
though there's no such thing as gay food
efficiency have a reason to organize
bricks and mortar to have a restaurant
into physical place yeah I want it all
from cradle to the grave from you know
the bricks and mortar temple to the
lawyers to the political organization to
having that foundation that's respected
enough that when there's a controversy
in government the newspapers know who to
call maybe there are several foundations
from the coal where there's a voice
advocating for veganism in Parliament in
the newspapers on the street yeah I want
it and I'm willing to recognize I don't
have it that's real community and we're
going to have to work real hard to get
from you as a vegan it's easy to be
self-righteous me to say shuttle down
natural behaviors that'll be animal
fries mmm you cook hahaha put the whole
reason why buy youtube channel exists
that I'm not really interested answers
help get a question I'm the dresden
jumbled a Birkin complicated you know
moreover areas abundance yen